27th September
    Set up github repository after a chat with Barak and Ciara.
    Started thinking of a list of issues that would need to be tackled.
 
29th September
    Brain Storming session with Ciara. Decided what we'd do over the next week or two, I couldn't sleep so I worked on the camera and got     a barely functional mess out of it. At least it's something.
    
30th September
    Super tired after last night Stayed home and rested
    
1st October 
    did nothing . it was my birthday.
    
3rd October
     Fixed the camera app. Only need to work on the image's metadata for location, then we're well set up. tidied up the github by adding 
     more issues and sorting them more.

6th October
    I set up a twitter account and Gmail account. The gmail is regisysmanager@gmail.com . The twitter account is @Regisys_Admin. passwords 
    will be sent in private messages to keep them safe.

	06/02/17
	It's been a while since I've updated this. As time went on I got more busy and just forgot to. Here's thje summary of what I've done to date. 
	
	I got the camera application to work without any major errors or bugs.
	I have the images saved to a folder in the phone and with a random number as the image title. 
	I have the camera capable of rotation and scaling for the images.
	I made an options menu for the application.
	I made a splash screen for the application.
	I implemented twitter functionality.
	I implemented a login for twitter using their api platform thing.
	I fixed the formatting of the image information being sent to twitter.
	I worked with Ciara to get the location of the phone when a tweet is sent (currently unfinished).
	I fixed the permissions on the camera and generally tightened up the application.
	I started working on implementing tess two(an ocr functionality owned by google) into our application. I'm struggling to make this work as there is a large library of code to install with varying levels of dependancies, and the likeliood that I'll have to re-write the entire app from scratch just to get it working.
	I took a break before christmas to start my study early and I took a week off after the tests to relax after a month of little sleep.
	
	To Do:
	1. Finish implementing Tess Two
	2. Get location Working
	3. Possibly re-write the entire app from scratch (Not as big a deal as it seems. As long as the independant pieces are working then bringing them all together shouldn't be too hard. Emphasis on the SHOULDN'T)
	4. Reg-ex the output from Tess-Two and pull license plate data from it.
	